Definitely no machine learning is super broad.
It's a huge world of many branches inside which you have many problems to solve and many impacts to
make.
But if you take it the right way if you take the right path instead of losing yourself in a maze you
can smash machinery.
And so this tutorial is exactly for that purpose to give you the right guidance to make a successful
entrance in machine learning.
So speaking of guidance that's directly related to the structure of your path.
You know you will find many resources on machine learning.
But if you decide to take them separately you will not find the right structure.
And that's why in order to guide you in this fantastic huge world well I'm going to walk you through
the structure of our course simply because we know that was the most important thing to work on.
And we actually worked several months to find that ultimate structure.
And so that's why in front of me I have the whole structure of our course machinery.
It is that and this is not to tell you to take the course this has nothing to do with this.
Feel free to take our course or any other course the machining course by Andrew Engy is also amazing.
And you have some other courses on machinery on the Internet.
They're all so great.
I'm just thinking here the structure of our course because this is for us the best path you can take
in your machine learning journey.
So here we go.
Let's start with the first step towards one data processing data processing should be the first step
of your machine or in Journey.
Why is that.
It's because without their preprocessing you cannot apply your machinery models your machine or the
models need a certain cleaned format of their inputs to be able to return the outputs because you know
so far in 2018.
Machine learning works on the input and output process.
You feed your machine or animal with some input and it will return some output whether it is something
you know you want to predict that's supervised mission learning or something you don't even know you
want to identify which is unsupervised machine learning.
So data processing is essential.
And as you can see we tell you everything we give you the central steps how to import the data sets
how to handle missing data how to smash categorical data splitting the data set into the training set
to train your model and it's set to test your model features scaling to put all the variables onto the
same scale and we give you a template so that you can save a lot of time on data processing.
So that's the first step.
Don't forget it because the more you work on it the more you handle it the better your future machine
or journey will be.
And then speaking of this machine learning journey there it goes because the next step is regression.
That's the part 2 of our machinery of course.
And in this part we tackle all the essential regression modules.
So what is regression regression is when you want to predict continuous real number like a salary or
a temperature or an energy output.
You will see that in the Python section we will solve a regression problem and we will have to predict
some energy output.
Well that's regression.
And you have many regression models we introduce you to the most useful ones.
Simple regression when you have one feature to predict something multipole in their regression where
you have several features to predict something polynomial regression when the relationships between
what you want to predict and the predictors is not linear then support vector regression another regression
model based on as VM support vector machines decision tree regression and random for us regression.
And in the end you need to know how to evaluate the performance of your regression models and we give
you the right tools for the right metrics.
Which other means quit.
The R-squared and just add R-squared and then we also provide some regularisation method in order to
avoid overfilling.
All right so that's the second step regression.
And then what comes next is Step 3 classification so classification is this time about predicting a
category or what we call a class.
So that's a discrete category you want to predict.
For example the winner of a football game or the next president of the United States or the winner of
the Super Bowl or if yes or no your customer will buy your next product.
So very useful and actually this can be applicable to many business problems whether it is in sales
and marketing or any other business purpose and again for classification you have several classification
models.
The most classic one but yet powerful one is logistic regression.
Then you have the Canaan's then you have the super vector machine then you have the kernel as YEM for
nonlinear problems and same base for nonlinear problems and also when they have a probabilistic approach
then Decision Tree classification random forest classification.
And again we give you some metrics to evaluate the performance of your classification models and that's
a lot of models but nowhere is this is because all the data centers problems don't have the same best
model to solve them.
And that's why we give you several machinery models and we explain in which situation you should use
one or the other.
But even if that's still too much for you well you'll see in this course in the section on Python I'll
give you the solution when you actually don't know which model to choose for your problem.
You know when there is no prior analysis of the data set the problem.
And when you don't know which model to choose Well there is actually one best option by default which
is the model we will implement in the Python section.
So you'll see what it is.
I will let you find out the surprise.
All right so that's next step.
And then fourth step part for clustering.
So clustering is designed unsupervised machine learning.
It's when you actually don't know what to predict.
So it can be for example identifying some segments of customers which will respond to a certain concern
you're having but you also apply clustering for MRI scans to identify tumors in the brain.
So clustering has many applications and it has two major models which are Kamins the most popular one
and hierarchical clustering.
So feel free to check them out.
They are classic in their designs.
Then next step is association rules or an association rule learning allows you to predict what the customers
will buy knowing what they bought before.
So for example you see on Amazon or other online stores people who bought also but well that's thanks
to association with learning and it has two major models briery and Ekla.
But I highly recommend to at least master Priory.
It can be very useful.
Then the next step is reinforcement learning.
So here you know you notice we are storing the specialized branches of machine learning and that includes
even Association learning but here reinforcement learning is even more specialized.
And for those of you who aren't intimidated by artificial intelligence and want to get into it well
you must start with reinforcement learning.
I will highlight this in two or three tutorials when I introduce you to artificial intelligence but
reinforcement learning is the foundation of artificial intelligence.
Here we cover two powerful reinforcement learning models that can be extremely useful for business purposes
for example to choose the right ad to show to the users so that they will click more to buy your product.
So we do this with two reinforcement learning models are preconditions bound and Tompson sampling.
So maybe start with this.
And if you're interested in that maturing branch definitely continue with artificial intelligence.
Then nextstep another specialized branch of machine learning natural language processing.
So here actually it's interesting because natural language processing is just combining the classification
branch of machinery which is part two with text and voice you know to apply emotion or any classification
Mole's on text and voice to break for example if some reviews are positive or negative or to predict
if some Twitter tweets are kind or mean or if they should be reported whatever you want and it can even
be predicting the job of a book you know the input of your LP model can even be a book and you have
to break the jaw of the book or it can be some newspaper articles for which you have to break the subject
for example.
So that's very powerful and that's widely used in modern applications.
They like chat boards or assistants or any other products that integrate text or voice then nextstep
deep learning.
You probably have heard of deeper.
This is one of the most powerful branch of machine learning.
And we introduce you to neural networks and we call them artificial neural networks as opposed to the
real neural networks inside the human brains and we apply them for a business problem which is to predict
which customers are more likely to leave a bank.
And that problem is called customer churn.
Then we also have the convolutional neural networks which are like adding AIs to your previous artificial
neural networks because basically these convolutional layers the model can really look at images.
And for example predict what's inside them detect some object or recognize some features.
So these are very powerful and these are why you say in deep hearing and of course if you're interested
in deep mourning Carol.
We'll introduce you to deep learning in the next tutorial to say more about this.
And then the next step is dimensionality reduction.
Once you master all the previous branches of machinery you will need to push your analysis further by
considering some even more powerful tools to solve your machinery problems.
And one of them is dimensionality reduction because today we're working with some huge and huge amount
of data and sometimes we work with terabytes of data.
And for this you need some techniques to reduce the dimensionality of your dataset dimensionality reduction
can be essential for this kind of data set and to improve even more humas.
And so we introduce you to the most powerful dimensionality reduction techniques principal components
analysis linear or discriminants analysis and kernel PCa in case the data relationships inside your
data are not linear.
All right.
And then final step parts and model selection and boosting.
Actually today we say that there are two most powerful machinery modules.
These are deep remodels and extra boost and that's why right here we introduce you to this graden with
Steimle.
It is a gradient boosting model for you to have this model in your tool kit.
And also we have this model selection section because most of the time you have several options and
you actually don't know which one is best but that's OK because there are some what we call model selection
techniques which can help you find this best Moe and it help you find this best model by applying K4
cross-validation which is the most relevant way of evaluating the performance of your model.
But we combine everything in what we call the pipeline.
We combine people cross-validation to what we call grid search to find the best hyper parameters that
will lead to the best accuracy or other performance metric measured by this careful preservation technique
which I'll say it again is the most relevant way to measure the performance of your model.
So these are essential to know in science but that's of course to be applied after you build your machinery
models.
That's why it's important.
The last step and that's the end of the journey.
We know it is a long journ